# Title
Secrets Generated by Non-Cryptographically Secure Random Number Generator

# Risk
High

# Description

The [TKTK application name] application generates [TKTK credential, cryptographic keys] using a Non-Cryptographically Secure Random Number Generator. Attackers may exploit the finding to [TKTK predict fucture or past secret values].

Cryptographically Secure Psuedo-Random Number Generators (CSPRNG) generates values in which determine previous or future values is not feasible. Psuedo-Random Number Generators (PRNG) don't exhibit this property, as the output generated by a Non-CSRPNGs may be used to recover internal state of the generator, which can allow for determine past and present values. Non-CSRPNGs may also exhibit biases in their output.


The [TKTK application name] application uses [TKTK Math.random()] to generate [TKTK account recovery tokens, cryptographic keys used to secure chat communications]. [TKTK Math.random()] is not a CSRPNG, meaning attackers may be able to determine the generated value. 

The following code is from the [TKTK application name] application. On line [TKTK 10] [TKTK Math.random()] is used to generate [TKTK a cryptographic key for securing chat communications].

~~~
[TKTK Place code here] 
~~~


# Proof of Concept

[TKTK Explain Reproduction Steps. Paste request/responses, or explain actions taken through website to exploit,etc.]


# Recommendations

Use a Cryptographically Secure Random Number Generator when generating secret values, such as authentication tokens and cryptographis keys. Additionally, ensure the Cryptographically Secure Random Number Generator is seeded with a cryptographically secure (psuedo)random number. [TKTK Rotate secret material generated by the Non-CSRPNG, with material generated by a CSRPNG.]


# References
"OWASP Top 10 2017 A3-Sensitive Data Exposure" - https://owasp.org/www-project-top-ten/OWASP_Top_Ten_2017/Top_10-2017_A3-Sensitive_Data_Exposure.html
"CWE-338: Use of Cryptographically Weak Pseudo-Random Number Generator (PRNG)" - https://cwe.mitre.org/data/definitions/338.html
